<英语>
  Jack has no interest whatsoever in pursuing an acting career. He loves writing and directing.
杰克对从事演艺事业毫无兴趣。他喜欢写作和导演。
 
  The idea was to have users upload (上传) their medical records, so that they could be available at any time.
他们的想法是让用户上传他们的医疗记录，这样他们就可以随时使用。

  Traffic jams often build up when drivers slow down to see what happened in a crash.
当司机减速看车祸发生时，交通堵塞往往会加剧。

  A native New Yorker, Ben familiar with  the city, its neighborhoods, and all he has connections with.
本是一个纽约本地人，熟悉这座城市及其周边地区，以及所有他与之有联系的地方。

You may have already seen your dream house. Before you put in an offer, you can do a few more things to ensure you purchase the right property for the right price.
你可能已经看到了你梦想中的房子。在你出价之前，你可以做更多的事情来确保你以正确的价格购买正确的财产。


Buying organic fruit and vegetables costs more, and for many shoppers, the benefits hardly seem worth the extra expense.
购买有机水果和蔬菜的成本更高，对于许多购物者来说，这些好处似乎不值得额外花费。

self-confident living is the practice of providing for your own needs without outside aid (帮助) or resources.
自信的生活是在没有外部援助（帮助）或资源的情况下为自己的需要提供帮助的实践。

In the interview, the writer was asked how he set about writing a novel based on a dream he once had.
在采访中，有人问这位作家，他是如何着手写一部基于他曾经梦想的小说的。

Are you thinking of becoming an insurance sales agent ? Take this quiz to find out if this is the right career choice for you.
你想当保险销售代理吗？参加这个测验，看看这是不是适合你的职业选择。

The rent for the apartment is reasonable; besides, the utility are included, which means you don’t have to pay anything for gas, electricity and water.
这套公寓的租金是合理的；另外，水电费也包括在内，这意味着你不必为煤气、电和水支付任何费用。

A central heating and cooling system produces warm or cool air in one central area and distributes it throughout the building.
中央供暖和冷却系统在一个中央区域产生冷暖空气，并将其分配到整个建筑中。

We were deeply shocked and saddened when we learn of the sudden death of our newly retired professor.
当我们得知新退休的教授突然去世时，我们深感震惊和悲伤。

If you know the ins and outs of something, you know all the details about it and understand how it works.
如果你知道某件事的来龙去脉，你就知道它的所有细节，也知道它是如何工作的。

It’s long been proven that we can accomplish any project if we break it up into small pieces and do the project one piece at a time.
长期以来，已经证明，如果我们将任何项目分解成小块，一次一块地完成项目，就可以完成任何项目。

All electronic computers consist of four basic units although they may be of different kinds.
所有的电子计算机都由四个基本单元组成，尽管它们可能是不同种类的。

The moment I saw it clearly for what it was ― a dead fish ― I toss it away immediately.
当我清楚地看到它是什么的时候――一条死鱼――我立刻把它扔掉。

True, the furnishings are dated (陈旧的) but overall, the hotel is very clean and the staff very friendly.
是的，家具都过时了，但总的来说，酒店很干净，工作人员也很友好。

They had little difficulty in hooking the fish, but haul it out of the water proved to be a big problem.
他们钩住鱼没有什么困难，但把它从水里拖出来却是个大问题。

They built a fireplace to heat the small flat, but there were nights when the fire go out and they shivered under the blanket.
他们建了一个壁炉来加热这间小公寓，但有几个晚上，炉火熄灭了，他们在毯子下发抖。

The pot you saw had been in use for four years and showed very little wear (磨损，用旧).
你看到的那只罐子已经使用了四年，几乎没有磨损（磨损，旧）。

While I was working in a fast-food restaurant, I constantly dreamt of being able to own one someday.
当我在一家快餐店工作时，我一直梦想有一天能拥有一家快餐店。


It was common for people to keep up correspondence with friends through letters before the age of the Internet.
在互联网时代之前，人们经常通过信件与朋友保持联系。
 
In modern Chinese society, women, to a large extent, are no longer dominate by men either in family life or in the workplace.
在现代中国社会，无论是在家庭生活中还是在工作场所中，女性在很大程度上都不再受男性支配。
 
There is now a growing realization of the importance of recycling among the residents in our neighborhood.
现在人们越来越认识到循环利用在我们社区居民中的重要性。
 
The Japanese invasion during World War II met with fierce resistance (抵抗) from the Chinese people.
第二次世界大战期间日本的入侵遭到了中国人民的强烈抵抗。
 
It is wonderful to see flowers bloom in different colours after a long bleak winter.
在漫长而凄凉的冬天之后，看到不同颜色的花朵盛开真是太好了。
 
The elderly landlady couldn’t endure the behavior of the young man any more: he tossed trash all over the building.
年长的女房东再也不能忍受年轻人的行为了：他把垃圾扔得整栋楼都是。
 
It is true that human beings have had warconstantly throughout history; nevertheless human civilization has managed to survive.
诚然，人类在历史上一直处于战争状态，然而人类文明得以生存。

 
An increasingly large number of Chinese plan to spend their time travelling to different countries and seeing more of the world when they retire.
越来越多的中国人计划把他们的时间花在不同国家的旅行上，并在退休后看到更多的世界。
 
Last week I submitted my first project proposal and I was very anxious to know how the department manager would react to it.
上周，我提交了我的第一份项目建议书，我很想知道部门经理会如何反应。
 
We all sympathize those who lost loved ones in the disaster.
我们都同情那些在灾难中失去亲人的人。
 
The general decided to launch a(n) assault on the enemy at midnight.
将军决定在午夜对敌人发动进攻。
 
At that time, most stores in that region allowed shoppers to exchange goods and services at a mutually agreed price.
当时，该地区的大多数商店都允许购物者以双方商定的价格交换商品和服务。
 
The kids never received any professional training previously, but their performance was impressive .
孩子们以前从未接受过任何专业训练，但他们的表现令人印象深刻。
 
It’s amazing that the toddler can count up to one hundred and backward (反向).
令人惊讶的是，幼儿能倒数100次。
 
The research team has made all necessary preparations for the project to start and they are frustrated to learn that it is to be postpone indefinitely.
研究小组已经为该项目的启动做了一切必要的准备，他们很沮丧地得知该项目将无限期推迟。
 
What disturbs investors is the fact that the market has been fluctuating (波动) irrationally (非理性地) of late
扰乱投资者的是，市场最近一直在不合理地波动（波动）。
 
It’s natural for young people to long for adventure and romance.
年轻人渴望冒险和浪漫是很自然的。
 
The client was very hard to please and had been complaining continually, despite all our efforts to satisfy her demands.
尽管我们竭尽全力满足她的要求，但客户很难取悦，而且一直在抱怨。
 
The travel agency apologized to the clients who missed the tour bus. In addition, it compensate the additional travelling costs.
旅行社向错过旅游巴士的客户道歉。此外，它还补偿了额外的差旅费。
 
As the outdoor concert attracted crowds of teenagers, the organizer made sure police and volunteers were on hand throughout the event, just in case.
由于室外音乐会吸引了大批青少年，组织者确保警察和志愿者在整个活动中随时待命，以防万一。
 
The proud woman adore her son and would do anything to please him.
那个骄傲的女人崇拜她的儿子，愿意为取悦他做任何事。
 
Those days the number of the unemployed, especially in the big cities, kept going up almost by the way.
那时候，失业人数，特别是大城市的失业人数，几乎一路攀升。
 
Which one is better, a secure job with a low pay or a job with a high pay but easy to lose?
哪一个更好，一个安全的低工资工作还是一个高工资但容易失业的工作？
 
News filter  through from Bombay (孟买) last night of a city on strike and tourists stuck at the airport.
昨天晚上孟买发生罢工，游客滞留在机场，消息从孟买传来。
 
suicide ranks as the 10th leading cause of death in the United States. Globally, an estimated 700,000 people take their own lives annually.
自杀是美国第十大死因。在全球范围内，估计每年有70万人自杀。
 
A large product catalog is critical to a successful furniture store website. People who visit your website are looking for new furniture. You need to show it to them.
大型产品目录对家具店网站的成功至关重要。访问您网站的人正在寻找新家具。你需要给他们看。
 
Some of the most provocative thinkers, writers, artists, business people, teachers and other leaders drawn from different fields around the world will gather at this summer program ― to teach, speak, lead, question, and answer.
来自世界各地不同领域的一些最具挑衅性的思想家、作家、艺术家、商界人士、教师和其他领导人将聚集在这个暑期项目上――讲授、领导、提问和回答。
 
The guy tried to run away but the policeman caught him by grab the collar of his coat.
那家伙想逃跑，但警察抓住了他的衣领。
 
This dialogue window pop up in my game every five seconds! How do I disable it?
这个对话窗口在我的游戏中每五秒钟弹出一次！如何禁用它？
 
Life is like a journey with no known destination .
生活就像一次没有目的地的旅行。
 
No one can finish all the tasks alone. Don’t hesitate to ask for help. We can all benefit from cooperation.
没有人能独自完成所有的任务。不要犹豫，寻求帮助。我们都能从合作中获益。
 
Manchester United (曼联队), dub the Red Devils, is a top football team in England.
曼彻斯特联队（Manchester United）被称为红魔队（Red Devils），是英格兰的顶级足球队。
 
The police officer turned to the crowd and shouted, “Come on. You need to get out of here. No linger around the crime scene (犯罪现场).”
警察转身对人群喊道：“来吧。你得离开这里。不要在犯罪现场逗留。”
 
The flower show is so crowded that there is never an ideal spot for taking pictures no matter how you position yourself.
花展如此拥挤，无论你如何定位，都没有理想的拍照地点。
 
Our mutual friend John has got a rare ability to memorize facts and figures.
我们共同的朋友约翰有一种罕见的记忆事实和数字的能力。
 
John stretch  out an arm from bed to pick up his phone. Sleepily he asked, “Who is it?”
约翰从床上伸出一只胳膊拿起电话。他睡意朦胧地问：“是谁？“
 
An advance team was sent to the UK to make preparation for President Xi Jinping’s visit.
一个高级小组被派往英国为习近平总统的访问做准备。
 
There are jobs more dangerous than driving a racing car, for instance , training lions.
有比驾驶赛车更危险的工作，例如训练狮子。
 
The radio station be flooded with phone calls from listeners requesting more pop songs.
电台里挤满了要求播放更多流行歌曲的听众的电话。
 
Animal lovers stopped the truck to save dogs destine to be sold to restaurants.
动物爱好者们停下卡车来拯救那些准备卖给餐馆的狗。
 
When the stock market goes down, investors are usually reluctant to sell out their stocks.
当股市下跌时，投资者通常不愿抛售股票。
 
They hugged (拥抱) each other so tightly that no one could pull them apart.
他们互相紧紧拥抱，没人能把他们分开。
 
If you want to tell the difference in taste between wines we are going to taste tonight, you’d better stick to bread and water for supper.
如果你想知道今晚我们要品尝的葡萄酒在味道上的不同，你最好还是吃面包和水作为晚餐。
 
Juliet plead with her father to let her meet Romeo one more time.
朱丽叶恳求父亲让她再和罗密欧见面一次。
 
Textbooks can be expensive. as a result some students buy from second-hand bookstores
课本可能很贵。结果一些学生从二手书店买东西。
<英语/>
