The Winter Olympics is also called the White Olympics. At this time, many colorful stamps are published to mark the great Games. The first stamps marking the opening came out on January 25, 1932 in the United States for the 3rd White Olympics. From then on, publishing stamps during the White Olympics became a rule.
冬季奥运会也被称为白色奥运会。在这个时候，许多彩色邮票被出版来纪念伟大的游戏。1932年1月25日，美国为第三届白人奥林匹克运动会发行了第一枚纪念奥运会开幕的邮票。从那时起，在白色奥运会期间出版邮票成为一种规则。
During the 4th Winter Olympic Games a group of stamps were published in Germany in November 1936. The five rings of Olympics were drawn on the front of the sportswear. It was the first time that the rings appeared on the stamps of the White Olympics.
在第四届冬奥会期间，一组邮票于1936年11月在德国出版。奥运五环画在运动服的前面。这是第一次这些戒指出现在白色奥运会的邮票上。
In the 1950’s, the stamps of this kind became more colorful. When the White Olympics came, the host countries(东道国) as well as the non-host countries published stamps to mark those Games. China also published four stamps in February 1980, when the Chinese sports men began to take part in the White Olympics.
在20世纪50年代，这种邮票变得更加丰富多彩。当白色奥运会到来时，主办国（东道国）以及非主办国都发行了纪念这些奥运会的邮票。中国还于1980年2月出版了四张邮票，当时中国的体育男子开始参加白色奥运会。
Japan is the only Asian country that has ever held the White Olympics. Altogether 14,500 million stamps were sold to raise money for this sports meet.
日本是唯一一个举办过白色奥运会的亚洲国家。共售出14.5亿张邮票，为这次运动会筹集资金。
Different kinds of sports were drawn on these small stamps. People can enjoy the beauty of the wonderful movements of some sportsmen.
这些小邮票上画了各种各样的运动。人们可以欣赏一些运动员精彩动作的美。
1. The White Olympics and the Winter Olympics _______.
1。白色奥运会和冬季奥运会。
A. are the same thing		         B. are different games
A.是一样的吗B.是不同的游戏吗？
C. are not held in winter		      D. are held in summer
C.不在冬季举行D.在夏季举行
2. The world made it a rule to publish stamps to mark the great world games _______.
2。世界规定发行邮票是为了纪念伟大的世界运动会。
A. after the year 1936				   B. after the 3rd White Olympics
A.1936年后B.第三届白色奥运会后
C. before the 3rd White Olympics		D. before the year 1932
C.1932年前第三届白色奥运会之前
3. The Winter Olympics is held once _______.
三。冬季奥运会举行一次。
A. every two years				  B. every three years
A.每两年B.每三年
C. every four years				  D. every five years
C.每四年D.每五年
4. Which of the following is true?
4。以下哪一项是正确的？
A. Only the host countries can publish stamps to mark those Games.
A.只有主办国才能发行邮票来纪念这些奥运会。
B. Only the non-host countries can publish stamps to mark those Games.
B.只有非主办国才能发行邮票来纪念这些奥运会。
C. All the countries can publish stamps to mark those Games.
所有国家都可以发行邮票来纪念那些奥运会。
D. Japan can’t publish stamps to mark those Games
D.日本不能发行邮票来纪念那些奥运会
5. What may appear on the stamps of the White Olympics?
5。白色奥运会的邮票上可能会出现什么？
A. Basketball.			B. Table tennis.
A.篮球。B.乒乓球。
C. Football.			D. Skating.
足球，滑冰。

<2>


<2/>